Add more information re geolocation and third-party geolocation headers (#301)
layer0-docs/layer0-docs: guides/third_party_cdns.md

## Client IPs

> When {{ PRODUCT_NAME }} is behind a third-party CDN, there is no way for it to securely determine the IP of the user agent that originated the request and hence `{{ HEADER_PREFIX }}-client-ip` header contains the IP of the third-party CDN rather than of the actual user agent. Since {{ PRODUCT_NAME }} uses the client IP to determine the [geolocation headers](/guides/request_headers#section_geolocation_headers), this means that those headers also have incorrect values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When {{ PRODUCT_NAME }} is behind a third-party CDN, there is no way for it to securely determine the IP of the user agent that originated the request and hence the `{{ HEADER_PREFIX }}-client-ip` header contains the IP of the third-party CDN rather than of the actual user agent. Since {{ PRODUCT_NAME }} uses the client IP to determine the [geolocation headers](/guides/request_headers#section_geolocation_headers), this means that those headers also have incorrect values.
```

Reviewer: It isn't clear to me what header Layer0 uses to get the client's IP address for geolocation. It kind of sounds like it uses x-0-client-ip, but that seems weird because it's an internal header. Shouldn't it use X-Forwarded-For?

Author: We use the actual client IP from the TCP packets. I will clarify. We don't use XFF as it can be spoofed.

> When {{ PRODUCT_NAME }} is behind a third-party CDN, there is no way for it to securely determine the IP of the user agent that originated the request and hence `{{ HEADER_PREFIX }}-client-ip` header contains the IP of the third-party CDN rather than of the actual user agent. Since {{ PRODUCT_NAME }} uses the client IP to determine the [geolocation headers](/guides/request_headers#section_geolocation_headers), this means that those headers also have incorrect values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When behind a third-party CDN, there is no way for {{ PRODUCT_NAME }} to reliably determine the IP of the user agent that originated the request. Requests will appear to Layer0 to have originated from the third-party CDN rather than of the actual user agent. Since {{ PRODUCT_NAME }} uses the client IP to determine the [geolocation headers](/guides/request_headers#section_geolocation_headers), this means that geolocation headers will also have incorrect values. To correct this, set the `{{ HEADER_PREFIX }}-client-ip` header based on the true client IP address provided by the third-party CDN.
```

In this situation, it is your responsibility to correctly set the client IP header and the dependent geolocation headers and pass it that way to {{ PRODUCT_NAME }} and upstream servers.

> For example, if you wish to set the `{{ HEADER_PREFIX }}-client-ip` and related geolocation header, to the header values injected by the third-party CDN, you can add a shim for this which go at the top of your router:

Author: In our model, we do the lookup with the actual physical IP and don't allow another user-driven lookup. To allow this is the option b) from my answer https://llnw.slack.com/archives/C02JN1GGZ6C/p1648809037146579?thread_ts=1648805621.763489&cid=C02JN1GGZ6C

> b) Allowing project to customize the header over which we perform geolocation is possible but would require changes on the EdgeJS and/or UI. I'm not against this but we have more important things to do (cc @ianand)

Using any headers (x-0-client-ip, XFF, etc) is a security hole - they can be spoofed making the whole geolocation blocking moot. In our execution mode, it's the platform making the geo lookup before user code is even given a chance to customize this, so we would have to change that:

* To allow secondary lookup, we have to expose such an option either in EdgeJS, layer0.config.js or in the environment.
* We would then translate that option into another edge VCL entry point which would perform the x-0-client-ip transformation (first XFF, some other header) before the geolocation lookup is performed.
* We would need to decide what to do when the value set in x-0-client-ip cannot be correctly translated to an IP.

> For example, if you wish to set the `{{ HEADER_PREFIX }}-client-ip` and related geolocation header, to the header values injected by the third-party CDN, you can add a shim for this which go at the top of your router:

Author: @markbrocato Updated
